<!-- https://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/comments/1daa41z/comment/l7n96ib/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button -->
Thanks for your useful link which I can't searched by googling "sicp solution" because that repo doesn't have "solution" text.

The exams are as [the course page](http://wla.berkeley.edu/~cs61a/reader/vol2.html) says
> These exams are made up of *actual past exam questions*, but reorganized to make each sample *more comprehensive* and to choose the best possible questions.

IMHO it is a bit overkill to do all these sample exams. So I won't do them.

I will do all book exercises which cover the homework as your link and the course general information show. 

I will also do the lab shown in your reference repo sicp/weekN ([This repo](https://github.com/cavcrosby/cs61a_2011/tree/main/cs61a_labs/lab1_2) has partial solution) since the course general information says
> Laboratory exercises are short, relatively simple exercises designed to *introduce a new topic*.

IMHO I prefer doing the project assignments from MIT 6.5151 spring 2024 where the book author may add something necessary based on the SICP book.

---

Hope someone having taken CS 61a 2011 course before can tell me whether the above workload is enough to grasp the ideas the course intends to teach.

---

> My personal opinion is not to overdo it and jump between courses and instead pick one and stick with it. These are general intro to comp sci courses and often have a lot of overlap in the big ideas.

Thanks for your advice. Since I am self-learning, I don't know what CS 61a and MIT 6.001 share and what they don't. I want to keep what is missed as less as possible. So the safest way is to give a *brief reading* for both courses' lectures although this may be not the best. I will pay more attention to the SICP and SDF book to ensure everything the book author want to convey is grasped.